Triage Trivy HIGH/CRITICAL findings: patch Pillow, ignore the rest (#931)
naobservatory/mgs-workflow: CHANGELOG.md

- Add an `ANNOTATE_VALIDATION_STATUS` module that joins validation results onto a full viral hits TSV and appends a `validation_status` column (`aligned` / `no_alignment` / `not_sampled`). Not yet called by any workflow.
- Add a `DOWNSAMPLE_TSV_BY_HASH` module that downsamples a TSV to at most N rows, selecting by hash of a key column so the choice is reproducible, order-independent, and nested in N. Optionally restricts the candidate rows to those where two named columns agree, so sampling can be confined to duplicate-group exemplars. Not yet called by any workflow.
- Size GNU `sort`'s buffer explicitly in `SORT_FILE` and `SORT_FASTQ` and tier task CPU and memory allocations based on input size. (#924)
- Bump the container base image to the current `mambaorg/micromamba` digest, which carries openssl `3.5.6-1~deb13u2` (clearing CVE-2026-45447) and liblzma5 `5.8.1-1+deb13u1`, and moves micromamba from 2.6.2 to 2.9.0.
- Ignore three util-linux `mount(8)` CVEs and two CVEs in pip's vendored bundle, all surfaced by the container rebuild: none is reachable from the pipeline and no fix is available in the newest base image or pip release.

> - Pin Pillow to 12.3.0 in the MultiQC container to clear ten HIGH CVEs, and triage the remaining HIGH/CRITICAL Trivy findings (perl-base, openssl QUIC, util-linux libblkid, Go stdlib in ncbi-datasets-cli, quinn-proto in Polars) into `.trivyignore` as unreachable with no reachable fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bump the container base image to the current `mambaorg/micromamba` digest, pin PIllow to 12.3.0 in the MultiQC container, and temporarily ignore trivy issues with no available fix.
```
